# The_exegisis_a_story_based_on_true_facts_at_least_on_a_high_percentage_and_some_kind_of_a_resume
#there must be poetic freedom and we should minimize massive catastrophic events. Universe consists ALSO from our Solar system in Multiuniverse 1 AND from our Solar system in Multiuniverse 2 AND from our Solar System in Multiuniverse 3 and so on...Well right now I feel like I should give some short of an exigisis at least to Alexandra but there is no other way and I have to do it this way. Alexandra is a good looking very kind very polite and smart person--->a true poet--->I won't blah blah I show her interest majorilly because her poetic freedom is something magic.
#Of course she used to have some eye problem things, she is a very good soul and I tend to believe back again she got mad at me. Here if you believe the rope was cut it was not a rope at all it was a laser Link..everything is interconnected and what humans perceive as bond is a small energy bondlike link to a poetic interconnectivity leading to more freedom.
#There is no such thing as knowledge restriction--->there is no such thing as political tyranny for math language if you are friendly for the user at least. So what I feel is I have to be soft with Alexandra and through Alexandra with everyone...!!!Rosa can drive me insane you know, but still all the good emotions I have for Rosa are unique...and so as Happens for Anna M. Christina is my doctor and I respect her she is smart...I know she does many free things...so I kinda support her.
#What I feel is we kinda name things wrong and we have to simplify on things. We have to speak on a simple way because our time here runs short. The whole idea is that familly will press people so that they run short of time...but if you've got less time for familly this isn't all that bad because you can be a bit "chill" with the familly idea...
#Children will always kinda set us riddles but riddles are our "laser link" to the poetic freedom interconnectivity...we could say that life carries on but through a middlife crisis process...it's far from perfect BUT those who have no problems blah blah blah....they are unreal....
#To support an objective truth means to have ups and downs meaning problems. So we have a fall back we go up again keep trying our best. Truth we can't hide and given this idea we can speak little act more and if we speak we should be able to speak very simple like Seferis used to do. I won't bother you longer, society it's open our minds are close. I kinda lost my universe to find out there are other universes I can explore. We are explorers! 
